3.70.0 (#3452)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: docs/history.md

# History

## 3.70.0 (2022-11-29)

Issues Fixed 🩴

> -   CumulusCI now properly excludes MetaData types that `SFDX` is unable to process. These include: `AuraDefinition`, `ExperienceResource`, and `LightningComponentResource`. (#3443)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The `retrieve_changes` and `list_changes` tasks now properly exclude Metadata types that `SFDX` is unable to process. These include: `AuraDefinition`, `ExperienceResource`, and `LightningComponentResource`. (#3443)
```

> -   The `retrieve_changes` and `list_changes` tasks now properly exclude Metadata types that `SFDX` is unable to process. These include: `AuraDefinition`, `ExperienceResource`, and `LightningComponentResource`. (#3443)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The `retrieve_changes` and `list_changes` tasks now properly exclude metadata types that `SFDX` is unable to process. These include: `AuraDefinition`, `ExperienceResource`, and `LightningComponentResource`. (#3443)
```
